INSTALL:
--------
The installation procedure is fairly simple, but still needs some explaining.  The quick summary is as follows.  Go to the github repository, download the files, extract, zip all files and directories at the top level, rename zip file such that file has "xpi" extension, then open file with Firefox.  I shall explain these steps in more detail as to remove ambiguity and add further detail.

1) Download the files at the github repository.  Start by visiting the github repository via your web browser: 

   https://github.com/cybormatt/ImageHost-Grabber

   Towards the top of the page, you should see a button that says "Downloads".  If you click it, you will be presented with the option to download as tar.gz or to download as zip.  Once you have picked your choice of archive, you will be presented with a location to save the file.

2) Extract the archive.  The archive that github creates for you contains a directory which in turn contains the source files.  If you are using a GUI program to unextract the archive, you can use the "Extract here" option in the context menu.  If you are using a command line tool, the default action is usually to extract the contents in the current directory.

3) Zip all files and directories and rename file to "xpi" file.  This part is the crucial part in getting the extension to install correctly.

	If you are using a command line:
	--------------------------------
	+ Change your directory to the directory that was created when you extracted the archive from step two.
	+ Use your zip utility to add all files and directories.  Results may vary, but some versions of zip require that you specify a recursive zip.  For example, the following would work if you were in the source directory:
	
		zip -r ihg.zip *
	
	+ Rename the zip file to have an "xpi" extension.  For example, "mv ihg.zip ihg.xpi".
	
	If you are using a GUI zip util:
	--------------------------------
	+ Click on the folder that was created when you extracted the archive from step two.
	+ Highlight all the files in the folder
	+ Right click on one of the highlighted items and create a zip file.  The exact details will vary, but for Windows machines with XP or newer, the option to create a zip file should appear.  If you have a third party zip utility such as winrar or 7zip, then the context menu might appear like "Add to archive".  Make sure you create a zip file, regardless of how you do it.
	+ Rename the zip to have an "xpi" extension.  At this point, it is very important that you see the ".zip" at the end of the file name.  If you do not see the ".zip", you will have to go into your "Folder options" to allow you to see the file extensions.  
		* In Windows XP, you can simply click on the Tools menu then click on "Folder options".
		* For Vista and Windows 7, you can hold down the windows key, then hit F1.  The windows help should pop up.  In the search box, type "folder options".  The first search result should be "change folder options"; click on it.  You should then see a link that says "click to open folder options"; click on it.
	+ Once you are in the folder options, click on the "View" tab.  In the list of items, look for a checkbox titled "Hide file extensions for known file types".  Make sure you uncheck this then hit ok.
	+ At this point, you should see the ".zip" at the end of the file name.  Rename the file and replace ".zip" with ".xpi".
	
4) Open the file in Firefox.  This is pretty straight forward but probably needs a little explanation.  Open Firefox, go to the File menu and click "Open file".  Browse to the location where you created the "xpi" file.

This should pretty much be all you need to do.  If you have any trouble packaging the source, shoot me an email: cybormatt@gmail.com  Please check out the forum to see the latest news and features: http://forum.imagehost-grabber.com/